Add prerequisites section to Netdata readme (#25364)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/netdata.markdown

ha_integration_type: integration
---

The `netdata` sensor platform allows you to display information collected by [Netdata](https://www.netdata.cloud/).

## Prerequisites

> A running Netdata instance, accessible from your Home Assistant. The Netdata instance may be manually installed
> on the same host Home Assistant is running on, or on a different host. You can validate that Netdata is 
> and accessible, by running:
> 
> ```curl -X GET "http://[Netdata_Instance]:19999/api/v1/info"```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A running Netdata instance, accessible from your Home Assistant instance. For more information on setting up Netdata, [check out their documentation](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/).
```

95% of our users cannot install Netdata on the same host. Additionally, most users will not have to do things like `curl` at all. I suggest removing this.

Also added a link to your documentation, which is much more valuable IMHO.
